README.md, before:

# Hazelchain

A sick crypto that is simple to use and easy to understand whilst having a ton of functionality.

### Table of contents

1. [Design Goals](#Design-Goals)
2. [Running](#Running)
3. [Contributing](#Contributing)

---

## Design Goals

Goals that were taken into consideration when developing Hazelchain, were that we wanted this to be a simple to use and easy to understand cryptocurrency. Other goals was that we also wanted was for it to have as many important features as possible before its launch, as well as have it capable of getting more features easily.

Hazelchain is a cryptocurrency built to distribute a bulk of coins initially by using a standard [proof of work](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-work.asp) algorithm, then later switches to using a [proof of stake](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-stake-pos.asp) consensus algorithm to make collecting coins more fair.

---

## Running
###### This tutorial is for the [CLion IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/) and should be compatible with the [Intellij family of IDEs](https://www.jetbrains.com/products/#type=ide) by Jetbrains, but it may work differently if you are using something else.

1. download the [zip](https://github.com/Shadow2ube/Hazelchain/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) or clone the repository.
2. extract the contents to an empty folder.
3.
    - If you're using linux or macOS, continue to step 4.
    - If you're using Windows:
        1. Download The [Windows subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/).
        2. Download a version of linux from the Windows store (we recommend [Ubuntu](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6), but any distribution should work).
        3. Set WSL as the [default](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/how-to-use-wsl-development-environment-in-product.html) development environment.
4. Run the project as any other project in your IDE.
---

## Contributing
To contribute to this repository, go to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

---

Commit message:

More README.md and boosting - READMEing - boost was moved to a directory inside the project to make everyone's lives easier

README.md, after:

# Hazelchain

A sick crypto that is simple to use and easy to understand whilst having a ton of functionality.

### Table of contents

1. [Design Goals](#Design-Goals)
2. [Running](#Running)
3. [Contributing](#Contributing)

---

## Design Goals

Goals that were taken into consideration when developing Hazelchain, were that we wanted this to be a simple to use and
easy to understand cryptocurrency.

To distribute coins as well as reduce Hazelchain's carbon footprint, hazelchain was developed to be able to switch
between 2 concensus algorithms, both [proof of work](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-work.asp)
and [proof of stake](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/proof-stake-pos.asp)

---

## Running

###### This tutorial is for the [CLion IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/) and should be compatible with the [Intellij family of IDEs](https://www.jetbrains.com/products/#type=ide) by Jetbrains, but it may work differently if you are using something else.

1. download the [zip](https://github.com/Shadow2ube/Hazelchain/archive/refs/heads/master.zip) or clone the repository.
2. extract the contents to an empty folder.
3.
    - If you're using linux or macOS, continue to step 4.
    - If you're using Windows:
        1. Download The [Windows subsystem for Linux (WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/). WSL version
           2 may work but version 1 is easier to set up

        2. Download a version of linux from the Windows store (we
           recommend [Ubuntu](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6), but any distribution should work).
        3. Set WSL as
           the [default](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/clion/how-to-use-wsl-development-environment-in-product.html)
           development environment.
4. Run the project as any other project in your IDE.

---

## Contributing

To contribute to this repository, go to [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

---
