# /libs/

This directory contains libraries needed for the development of this project.

**&ast;All folders in this directory are libraries generated by persons and/or groups other than the developers of this
repository&ast;**

#### Table Of Contents

[/json/*](#json)  
[/sha256/*](#sha256)  
[/httpRequests/*](#http)  
[/boost/*](#boost)  
[/sqlite/*](https://www.sqlite.org/copyright.html)

---

<a name="json"></a>

## /json/* license

```
    __ _____ _____ _____  
 __|  |   __|     |   | |  JSON for Modern C++  
|  |  |__   |  |  | | | |  version 3.9.1
|_____|_____|_____|_|___|  https://github.com/nlohmann/json
```

Licensed under the MIT License [www.opensource.org](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT). SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
Copyright (c) 2013-2019 Niels Lohmann [www.nlohmann.me](http://nlohmann.me).

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit
persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---

<a name="sha256"></a>

## /sha256/* license

Updated to C++, [zedwood.com](https://zedwood.com) 2012 Based on Olivier Gay's version See Modified BSD License below:

FIPS 180-2 SHA-224/256/384/512 implementation  
Issue date:  04/30/2005  
[www.ouah.org/ogay/sha2](http://www.ouah.org/ogay/sha2/)

Copyright (C) 2005, 2007 Olivier Gay <olivier.gay@a3.epfl.ch>
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
   disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
   disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
   from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---

<a name="http"></a>

## /httprequests/* Unlicense

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or distribute this software, either in source code form or
as a compiled binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors of this software dedicate any and all copyright
interest in the software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit of the public at large and to the
detriment of our heirs and successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of relinquishment in perpetuity of
all present and future rights to this software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to [www.unlicense.org](http://unlicense.org/)

---

<a name="boost"></a>

## /boost/* License

Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and
accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and
transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software
is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and
the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works
of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code
generated by a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

---